Let's get started here.
Um
full stream day
full full stream day.
I want to get the full Python back end
done.
Some of this is going to be
well
I think partially automated, but not
fully.
Do we need to do this?
I don't think so.
>> Guys, so now we get to the first point
where this thing fails and we have to
figure it out ourselves.
Let me think if there's a cleaner way to
do this.
low level to make an end for buffer.
And I put in better programming at my
actual internship.
I'm telling you, man, that's the way.
You'll see.
You will learn a ton very quickly.
What are we working on today? Uh, we're
going to make the we're going to fix the
entire Python back end today.
Currently, I'm thinking about what's the
better way to have this sweep function,
like the same sweep and eval functions
uh, get used for
for both of these.
>> Now, I don't like the idea of this being
separate logic.
>> Will there be documentation for
constellation? What documentation would
you like?
I mean, obviously it's going to be way
easier to set up than it is now.
But like
what do you need to know about how to
use the UI? You just click on the
buttons.
You know?
It'll also be just like constellation
itself will also be on the on the docs.
Like you'll just be able to play with
constellation on the website. It'll be a
web embed.
In addition to local.
Only fish for the tutorial.
I can do something.
Uh, I think only fish is going to get a
big upgrade, Jess.
We have
We've started emailing a couple of very,
very talented animators.
Uh, and like character artists.
So, Pupper is going to get an upgrade.
We've gotten a couple of replies.
We got a budget for it.
What's up for today?
Cleaning up the uh, Pupper live back
end.
>> Okay, so now this is where I need to
focus to make sure I don't let this
thing mess up my code.
Our beloved fish change.
Oh, it's going to be the same fish in
Ash.
He's just getting upgraded a little bit.
It's going to be the very like the same
character. He's just getting polished
and he's getting new animations.
We like our fish as well.
First set of experiments running. Thank
you, Spencer.
I still have the same neural MMO sweep
going. It's like 200 somewhat
experiments in and I've kind of just
been letting it spin while I do the
other stuff.
I'm going to get the full Python back in
cleaned up today.
Um
Yeah, this is crap.
Uh interesting.
What's Uh Spencer is just helping to run
the sweeps right now just for all the
ends.
Are you all like prime intellect for
non-LM R L ends? No, prime intellect is
like us for um L L M R L ends.
>> Puffer's like really, really high perf
stuff as well.
I don't think Prime has their own
inference stack, do they?
We got our own train and inference
stack. Hell yeah.
Self-inference.
Desktop running puffer.
Selling inference, yeah.
I think this is like non- This is
inoffensive, right?
Let's see if this is good.
>> Yes, this is fine. This is just matching
the interface
I have no idea if you can pick all that,
but sure.
Oh, this is already minus 1,000 lines
funny enough.
Okay.
I mean that was the expectation. Most of
the stuff that in there was garbage.
This will get even shorter.
Do you read chat? No, I do not read the
chat.
Wait.
This stick GGX.
Mystic GGX. There's no way that we got
two people named Mystic.
What task are you so Oh, okay, I missed
the message.
Um
That's why.
I'm in the middle of a refactor at the
moment. Yeah, this is finishing up the
uh the Python
There's like the Python fallback for our
our raw CUDA library.
But, I'm trying to make this thing suck
less today.
We have like just tons and tons of
redundant code.
Uh I pretty much know what needs to be
done. It's can almost all be done
automated. I just have to let this thing
not mess up my nice code in the process.
Hey.
That actually still runs.
What is the environment? Oh, this is
just Breakout. We're using this for
testing, man.
Breakout's just like a quick env we use
to test with. We have lots and lots of
envs. Um they're all on puffer.ai.
Like right now we have I have six GPUs
running sweeps on Neural MMO. Spencer's
got another environment that he's
running sweeps on. We're going to have
like 20 of them in the release.
Probably 20 good ones.
Yeah, this is solid. This is fine.
This is a quite slow perf, I think, but
um
And it's also the stats get a little
messed up here.
Oh, but this is just the width of the
column. Yeah, this is fine. We'll figure
that out. No worry.
I think as a first pass, this is good.
We're basically done with 4.0.
Numeric back end is done.
We need a couple perf tests. This is
just a Python fallback I'm cleaning up
today.
Like this is not even the main part of
the release.
Do you see me like hacking a bunch of
stuff here? This is just me deleting a
bunch of redundant stuff from the old
Python back end.
Cuz we need a a pure Python fallback.
New print table.
No, it's the same dashboard pretty much.
Is it PPO or what? It's our advanced
version of PPO. You can read about it on
Twitter.
On the articles. It's like PPO with some
tweaks with some advancements.
Okay, we'll just put that then.
Fine.
Here. No, it's our own stuff, Mystics.
So those things like we're not doing LM
crap.
Actually, I don't know. Wait.
Dapo Well, no, GRPO it doesn't even work
for non-LM stuff. GRPO is a really
stupid algorithm when applied to normal
RL.
This is substantially more powerful. It
doesn't work for LLM's, but for non-LLM
stuff, it's way, way, way better. I'll
show you.
So, this article here
describes the advancements.
It's quite major.
Verified them.
I mean, if you look at the article,
you'll see where they come from, right?
Like, one of them is a generalization
of a technique used from the gigaflow
paper. One of them is an optimizer
switch that was extensively verified
that had promising results elsewhere.
Um and then there were like a couple
other small things.
Okay.
So, this is why I'm using Claude for
this crap. You see, like, it's just
redundant code cuz I've already written
Like, I've already manually cleaned up
this code elsewhere.
And it basically we just have to match a
couple interfaces.
I ran out of coffee early this morning
for some reason.
I don't feel like making another pot.
Why are we back to 750?
Oh, wait. We're at 750 lines. Okay,
that's good, actually.
And this will get shorter.
Okay.
Still work?
Yeah, exactly. Mistake.
So like
it makes sense for LLMs cuz it's not
really an interactive environment in the
same way.
You have like multiple completions from
the same policy.
That's not a thing in normal RL. Like
you can do it technically, but you're
just wasting data. You'd rather get
fresh data from the environment.
So here like you can see that we're
training here. This is just my local
machine training at 2 million steps per
second.
This is faster than any other library in
existence in RL.
Um, but like the crazy thing is this is
the slow version.
If I just do this and I use our CUDA
version
and this is also on my streaming PC. It
goes over 20 million steps per second on
a dedicated 5090.
So you know we just have very different
problem constraints.
We do ultra high performance simulation
for research, for industry problems.
We have high performance inference and
training.
We do our own algorithms research. Like
taking advantage of the fact that
everything is so high perf that we can
automate thousands and thousands of
experiments.
It's pretty cool.
>> Uh just this is considered like very
distracted and undisciplined.
It's just I did so much before that like
now what most people consider oh you're
doing a lot of stuff this is just like
not that much.
I mean to be fair I am still pretty
tired from this block of work. Um I've
actually gotten a fairly out of shape as
well. I need to start running like as
much as I used to be running and such
but I've time for that.
But I mean still it's not that bad.
I mean it's way easier to keep in shape
here actually. Thanks for reminding me.
Let me get my bench set in.
That's nice thing about having this
place.
Been trying to get 10 reps for a few
days.
Always nine.
In a tournament?
Enjoy chess. I'm terrible at chess.
Like any of the clever games, I'm very
bad at.
>> Quantization? Yeah, we do have
quantization.
Uh you got to keep in mind this is
training, right? It's not inference.
So you're not going to get the same as
LM world stuff, but
we have um native BFloat16 training
with uh
just uh FP32 accumulation for the master
weight set
and uh momentum buffers, I believe.
In uh the raw CUDA version.
It's not worth dealing with it in torch.
But for the raw CUDA version, we do.
Like I If you're new to the project,
this is the new version of PufferLib
that's in dev.
I've been working on this for like 6
months.
You can ignore a couple of these. It's
like 5,000 lines. It's raw CUDA. This
replaces the torch back end. It's way,
way, way faster. It's not that much
code.
Uh and this has all the new stuff in it.
It's not quantization. It's just low
precision training.
IN16 doesn't make sense, Jess.
It would be um FB8, but I don't think
that that works for training.
mattress
Oh, cool.
Weston, I'll take a look at the triple
triad clean up when you have it.
I'm going to give you some pointers.
Oh, yeah, we have static memory
everything. That's one of the big
features.
And then we still need profiling for
something.
Then I have to review it, Jess.
I mean, you know I'm behind on the
reviews cuz of all the work I've been
doing with this.
It is what it is.
Okay, this is not terrible.
Any cool technique from LLM that you
think can work? Well, Muon was Muon was
developed for LLMs, right?
And Muon, I think we were the first No,
I know for sure actually. I was the
first to figure out that Muon kicks ass
for RL.
>> Okay, so then I guess the next thing is
is there a way to have unified launch
point?
What do you mean, cool? Like from LLM
research
that works for our LLM research, right?
And that the big one was Muon.
Muon was um
a good chunk of the improvement in 3.0.
We do the fine
fine cleanups first.
Let's do um
Mhm.
This is quite bad content for streaming.
I mean, it's doesn't have to be cup of
tea. The idea is how many places can you
see cutting edge done research done
live. Obviously, it's going to be slow.
It's just all of my work.
Like this is the highest performance
reinforcement learning library. We've
made tons of breakthroughs right here.
Um if it's too slow, well,
and that's just the nature of research,
right?
Ton of people have like
started like getting involved with this
stuff around here, started contributing
a bit, and learned a ton in the process
as well.
I'm trying to think at the moment like
um if I want to keep
I guess I can keep the profile like
this.
I think we keep the profiler like this,
I guess.
I think we can take this chunk out.
Let me see.
See, it's like if I keep the receive and
send interface,
Okay, we'll do that.
Let's just focus on cleanups first then.
I think this is the way to clean it up
though.
if I do this? Does this break?
Yep.
Does it?
Should break.
That doesn't make sense.
I really want to handle this.
blocking or non-blocking. So that was
kind of the question. We have this like
kind of good non-blocking interface
and buffer three.
I think we're going to err on the side
of let's make the the simple code for
the torch one. Uh let's make that very
simple.
And let's have the high perf one
uh be in the CUDA.
I think this will still be good. We'll
see.
Oh, cool. It's just using these
functions. It's fine.
How can I upgrade from 3.0 to 4.0? We
will provide a guide in ish.
Um the only tricky part with four is
like you're going to need uh like there
are a few Nvidia packages basically
you're going to need.
I think most of them are app packages,
but sometimes that they try to install
the wrong versions and stuff.
But yeah, you're going to have to just
install a few CUDA uh a few Nvidia
packages.
The docker doesn't have them yet either.
Like
you can figure it out pretty easily.
But it's going to be later this and
that's not going to be until later this
week that I go through and actually
clean it up and go figure out what we're
using now.
No, we didn't raise Carlos. It's
bootstrapped.
Ignore the seg fault at the end. We're
going to fix that.
Good so far.
This doubt item called sock.
A giga sock.
We'll do a little bit of optimization
for that.
Get everything cleaned first.
>> Yes.
Those will be gone.
I'm just like chilling and deleting
stuff today.
We good.
No, four is not out. We're a couple
weeks couple weeks, my guy.
The new numerical back end is stable. If
you want to play with the CUDA.
We might rename a couple things and move
a [ __ ] couple things, but the numerics
are stable.
Um
We got a couple people doing perf metric
stuff.
We have experiments running.
The ends have not all been ported yet,
but you can play with a couple of them.
The end ports are really easy as well.
And then the Python back end it works as
of this morning, but I'm I'm refactoring
the full Python back end today.
If you want to use the slower fall back.
The slower fall back might even end up
being slower than 3.0. I don't think it
will. It'll probably end up being about
the same speed.
When everything is done.
It loves to put fallbacks in for
everything.
LMs completely do not understand the
concept of failing fast.
Or failing at the earliest possible
point.
Does anybody have any better ideas for
this entry point here? I don't like
having two main files that have the same
crap in it.
Oh, yeah, load config should be gone,
right?
Oh, it is gone.
Yeah, yeah, it is gone from here.
Do you see we have the main function
duped?
Oh, no, you can't.
There's different pointers.
>> artifact
Mhm.
I'm just like looking for other things
that obviously are messed up
design-wise.
I see a few larger things
for sure.
>> visual motor system
What?
You don't need a resonant 18 for RL, my
guy.
That's already huge compared to most of
our policies.
Oh.
Oh, so much easier. Look at this.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. This will be worth it
for people.
This will be way simpler for the users,
right?
Let's see what happens if I do it this
way.
It's probably worth it to do it this
way, you know, just so we have the
memory layouts the same.
That seems like too big of a gap between
the CUDA
>> Okay, that's actually faster.
That's a few hundred K. Yeah, that is
faster.
Uh, yeah, it's faster. Okay.
You can't tell with how janky torches
like jumps all over the place.
Yeah.
Fine.
And
plus it.
So, that item's really bad for perf.
Um, cuz it materializes.
If this works.
Yeah. that works.
Good.
We'll swap this out later.
Once we get the rest of this cleaned up.
Oh, this is all the
the emulation crap, isn't it?
>> But there's not that much in there,
luckily.
>> Okay, a few small things to clean up,
but like overall this is much better.
Uh, we want to get the big things now,
right?
Can you recommend me a course?
Uh Karthik, I have a guide for that on
my X right here.
You want all of my best advice in one
spot, it's all under articles.
This one for beginners, this one for RL.
What the heck is wrong with this?
Where are extra depths?
Huh?
No, no, no. When This is 30.
When did this get messed with?
I'm so confused. Where did our
Oh, did I put it in the dot any?
I probably or the tamol, it's probably
in the tamol.
Yeah, there it is.
We're going to definitely prune this
crap.
Mhm, mhm, mhm, mhm.
>> Love Python.
Your X link doesn't work.
Delete the numbers from it. I got a new
handle.
It's just J Suarez.
And um Isaac, I've never done leak code
whatsoever. I'd probably fail most
easy's.
It's a good way to get a conventional
job. It's an absolutely terrible way to
learn stuff.
Okay, we'll do this for now.
We're going to have to patch this.
I see. So, the policy has got to get
fixed up now.
usable. Oh, why it keeps switching me
over in the stupid tabs.
And this is not much better. Okay,
closing this.
It's not a big change. This is a very
simple change.
Just a refactor.
I think this is the right approach, like
we end up stripping one layer of
abstraction out of the um
we end up stripping one layer from the
Python
that the C
the C only needs because of the um
the type system there.
Mhm.
I think it's worth it cuz of this
encoder crap.
>> Well, I'm going to have to do it myself.
That's a very simple change.
I wonder if it would be better for me to
um
Okay, this thing is dumb as [ __ ]
Well, I'll do it.
>> Arrows magic, hey Tim.
Yeah, I know I'm working on it.
All the name changes, Jess.
If I try to dock the changes, I'm going
to get I'm going to work on something
good, but everything is different.
It's just a new library basically.
What I'm focusing on now, man, is I'm
making it so that you have
like, you know, 1,500 lines of Python
in the simple path or less instead of
4,000.
It'll just be easy.
Yeah, just like all like the new params
will just make more sense.
>> Why if I train a model in C
any different hypers?
You shouldn't, Tim. It's the same
architecture.
I wouldn't think that you should.
It should pretty much just work.
>> cleaning Python.
Well, it's going to be it's a lot of
Python to clean to be fair, my guy.
So, this was 1,800 lines earlier today.
It's down to 600 lines.
I think the policy will be down to like
400.
My goal is to ship less than 1,500 lines
of Python
for this, excluding Vectron stuff.
I mean, yeah, they really want to sell
you their product.
>> I wouldn't listen to any of these like
so-called thinkers.
For whatever reason, everything in
Silicon Valley is the exact opposite of
what it's named.
OpenAI is closed. Anthropic is
misanthropic.
I guess that means uh Puppetry AI is
going to be like, I don't know,
deflated AI or something.
By that logic.
>> All right, that's nice. That just gets
rid of a bunch of duplicated boiler
plate, right?
It literally does. It tabs you back to
where you by default every time.
Oh, no.
Hm, that was weird.
>> Like overall and adoption. What?
You might have eaten your first message.
Makes no sense.
Starting to make a mess.
Get up and get myself a drink and some
stuff for a bit.
I don't really like the idea of having
this policy wrapper thing.
37.5
mil.
Uh, if it peaks at the end Tim, it might
be reporting eval SPS.
But yeah, you could technically get very
small models that fast with big batches.
I think that's going to be above the
practical speed though. Like
not much is actually going to run at
speed that's useful.
Okay, whatever.
Guard like this for now.
This is stupid the way it's doing this,
but fine. We'll just start with this.
Just a set of hypers.
Yeah, I mean just like the config
committed that you can run in repro and
see that it well.
We'll run our own full sweeps as well,
but we want to see like policies does
something reasonable.
Um
we'd like to know like what level of
difficulty of puzzles it gets. You just
a little bit of something on it.
Like if you solve it in 10 seconds, you
probably gave us some very easy levels.
>> Okay.
That runs.
This is the least bad thing though to
start cuz it'll put all the garbage into
here and then I can get rid of garbage
from everywhere else.
>> Okay.
That is a working build.
I'm going to take a few minutes break
because this is jellying my brain here.
Um,
I will be right back and we will
continue on this.
There are a few major things we still
need to figure out.
>> I think the biggest one is the D types
here.
I've been focusing too much on um
random [ __ ]
Yeah, we don't want the synchronized
call, do we?
>> Looking at there's a lighter weight
profile.
Good event record.
Doing some [ __ ] garbage.
Hang on.
Yeah, this is just dog [ __ ]
I think I can get something out of this
though.
Okay, that cleans up profiling.
Why do I still hit this code so much?
Logging.
Oh, it's cuz of the freaking logs from
um
>> Basically just like a bunch of little
garbage bits around.
We can get rid of them if we try.
Next thing I think we figure out is the
the main file thing.
Okay, so the next thing is going to be
this main function. Let me figure out if
we can come up with a clean form of
this.
This is what I will think about for a
little bit.
Well, I don't want to have this
conditionally imported.
Cuz these are all redundant now.
Main goes away.
Config goes away.
>> What the hell? 580?
Yeah, we're working on it, Tim.
Now, this makes tiny look big, honestly.
Obviously, the uh
the torch doesn't cuz torch itself is
bloated piece of [ __ ]
>> But this has to work without CUDA is the
thing.
We'll get to that.
We'll consider that part of the build
process.
This is literally only for third-party
items, isn't it?
Okay, let's ignore vac for now because
we're going to be able to make this
whole thing like go away.
>> How frequently do you do live streams?
I am here on
uh what domains? I stream most of my
work, man.
Most of it, at least. And
it's not different domains. It's all
just the research I'm doing. So, it's
all route.
I don't do web dev or other crap. This
is all like research done live.
But, it's pretty broad in the sense that
sometimes I'm doing low-level system
stuff, sometimes I'm doing algorithm
research, sometimes I'm looking through
papers, sometimes I'm reviewing new
environments.
Quite a bit in here.
>> There's still a bunch of garbage in
here.
We can delegate
more to the end, can't we?
What are J. Suarez?
Um, I don't really write full research
papers anymore since I finished my PhD.
I do write technical blogs.
It really just is not the worth the
amount of time that it takes for me to
prepare a formal research manuscript and
to go through peer review anymore. With
this speed it which we're able to make
progress on popper.
We do a ton of benchmarks, we do a ton
of experiments, we release a lot of open
source software.
And that's been much, much, much better.
But some of the blocks that I have on
if you just click my articles tab on X,
there's a lot of good stuff on there.
Let me just go through and see how much
complexity is left in here that I have
control over.
The simple logic things like real bad,
right?
A lot of this a lot of that is going to
be from um
cleaning up back.
This would also come from cleaning up
back.
I'm not seeing too much other than the
ends.
I think we got to do it.
Jesus.
I'm going to buy more credits already.
Well, luckily this is like the last
thing we need it for.
And maybe the docker a little bit, but
this is the last big heavy thing where
it's actually worth using.
>> Just Docker sucks. Um
you don't need it at all if you're just
doing C stuff, but like with all the
Nvidia libraries
and Python as well makes it mandatory
cuz Python's ecosystem's just
fundamentally broken.
You're not wrong to dislike it.
Like
ideally we wouldn't need it, but
everything else is so messed up that you
kind of are just forced into it.
>> upper deck manager
Uh it's language [ __ ] Jess. Like Python
itself is messed up for that.
That was like at the language level, it
was designed wrong.
Well, I guess I mean, it depends what
you consider the language, I guess.
>> I'm thinking what the simplest possible
way is to do this.
I only see three or four environments
that we need.
I hate all this Python.
Get rid of it.
>> I'm going to just be very aggressive
with it this way.
Yeah, let me go handle this real quick,
guys. I got one contractor that just
needs some tax forms. I'll be right
back.
>> All right.
Back.
I realized I was muted.
Yeah, John, I'm not into cars.
Really just not.
I'd rather have more gym equipment.
And more servers, exactly. We have
actually we have plenty of room for
servers and we got power for them.
When I decide to get more.
Almost done.
Like almost done.
>> will be much better.
I got fight capes to run 30 k SPS.
Well, 30 k is quite difficult. 30 is
very slow.
Kotlin and Java would be YL.
Stuck on early waves. Yeah, you just
have a very small amount of data
compared to what we have, right? Like we
can literally train over 10 mil SPS now.
>> Yeah, Java is slow.
You really should do some low-level.
It's fun.
You should check out the uh the other
guy in the Discord that's doing RS ends.
Do you think it makes sense to put the
config files in here now?
>> configs uh for ends.
I'm just trying to think like where I
move stuff around now, right?
I like them in one place. I hate default
is under config and not config ocean.
This is default for basically It's
default for everything.
I don't like having [ __ ] in like source
whatever the [ __ ]
New Jacob Forrester now, what's he
doing?
That's not the type of stuff I usually
look for from his group.
>> What's going on it? Yeah, I mean they're
doing like agent [ __ ] or whatever the
llama [ __ ] but
me.
Not my cup of tea.
There are enough people doing um
LLM in a loop.
I don't know why it's doing that now.
That's weird, but whatever.
Tasks any good?
Their tasks are not great.
I do wonder with the configs if you need
that.
Well, hang on. There's no way we're
distributing wheels of this crap
anyways.
Did you plan on do? Yes, 500 is all
about algorithm.
>> How's that in
worse?
>> That's the one thing I don't know is how
if Python like sandboxes crap.
Hopefully it didn't just [ __ ] everything
up. We'll see.
I think I just I'm happy just doing it
and having it committed though.
Yeah, we're going to totally
down on everything here, right?
>> All right.
Um
>> I'm deleting a lot, Tim.
Really deleting a lot here.
Stuff in line. Yeah, man.
Simplicity, simplicity, simplicity.
And I want to remove all these stupid
things.
>> We just don't have that [ __ ] anymore, do
we?
600 lines of crap.
What the hell do we even have here?
Now, I will say that the um
the L limbs are very useful for sorting
through garbage quickly.
Delete and delete and delete and delete
and delete.
And I put all the effort into getting
the core down to 5K lines. We just don't
need anything else for the most part.
I'll give it a couple small things, I
suppose.
dead
good
Oh, yeah. Look at that.
Delete everything.
Should be back to our code now, I think,
shortly.
Yeah, cuz we still haven't finished
cleaning this up. Most of that's set up
crap.
All right.
Use the restroom real quick, get a um
another bench set in,
and we will continue.
>> Delete, delete, delete.
Damn.
>> a little bit of niche.
It's still a lot of work.
There's just been a ton of code deleting
today, you know?
>> Mhm.
>> layer logic
We should rename them in grow as well.
It's no longer a min grow.
Not really a squabble, dude. It's just
stupid.
Like you can reasonably say I don't like
this military tech or that military
tech, but you can't just be like, "Oh,
yeah, all military bad."
Kyle does a lot of cool robotics, but he
has a lot of really dumb takes
sometimes.
We're deleting lots and lots and lots
and lots of old code.
That's like such a like reason like
that's such an RL thing as well, you
know?
>> All right, we're going to do a couple
more things. I'm going to get dinner and
then I'm going to do a night stream.
I hadn't touched the uh the torch in a
while.
>> Yeah, this is why like the thing is
people don't realize this is why we use
games. Um
it's just so we understand when we screw
up the sim.
Right?
Like oh it only works on games. It's
like no, I can only make sure that the
sim is correct if the sim is a game. The
RL is just fine.
Uh people make this mistake all the time
and then surprise Pikachu when we go and
solve really tough problems with it.
This is all the Python we ship, isn't
it?
So, all of poplib's going to be like 10K
plus the Ms.
Oh, and torch native ice gets gotten,
all right?
>> me being dumb.
God.
>> Thank you. Forgot to unmute.
Couple more things before dinner.
I'm actually I'm so tempted instead of
making it dash dash torch. I'm tempted
to make it like puffer train break out
slowly.
And I fix fix this like fault at the end
of this [ __ ] as well.
Keep on no clear how this [ __ ] worked.
Yeah, man.
Like
the amount of stuff we've gone through
to get to this point is
it's been a lot. All right, it's been
it's been a lot, let's say.
>> Recognize what?
AI generated amps.
People weren't really doing that much,
man, back then.
With them.
Well, 20 DQ on.
Huh.
Well, yeah, it's just low shot, right?
>> Let's make sure I'm not doing stupid
[ __ ] I wasn't paying attention.
The [ __ ] is this?
What the hell's this, my guy?
What is it that No, it's the tiny grad
account, right?
Yeah, this is dumb. Like this guy
actually gives pretty solid equity.
Um he's not taking a huge salary
himself.
Like that's how you run a startup.
Like the only way you get super high
cash salaries
is if you're like basically raising a
[ __ ] ton of money and then you're
building a company that either like
blows up because you've sold a trillion
SaaS or you die in 5 years cuz you run
out of money.
Yeah, that's also true what just says.
Like we get a lot of people that are
just like, "How do Hey, please spend
time help me so I not think." And it's
like, "Okay, let me help you. Go Go [ __ ]
yourself. Get out. Bye." Right?
Plus for the talent.
Uh he's giving like multiple percent. I
He's giving at least like full full
percent or more multiple percent equity,
I think.
Get rid of space.
Don't need to create a pointer.
I bet we can still reduce it a little
bit more.
But this is getting to be fairly
compact.
I'd say.
>> Uh let's make sure I know what I want to
do after dinner. So we got set up.
This is down quite a bit of code, 280
lines. This is nice.
This is still short.
Dependencies list
way down.
I don't know what we need image IO for.
But it's fine for now.
Was there anything else I needed to do
with the Python? I guess I should test
like GDP and [ __ ] right?
Yeah.
Just small things perhaps.
Um I mean we don't have the other vec
back end I think is the the main thing.
There's no Python vec back end at all.
So I should probably spend a little time
on that.
But um
pretty good.
Okay, I'm going to go get some food.
I think it's better that I uh I stop
before I start fully
losing focus. I just like I stop now, I
get a quick dinner, uh and then I come
back fresh.
I'm going to do an evening stream
probably another 2 3 hours
today so we get like uh
consolidate hours streamed plus a little
work in the morning as well.
Oh, very nice.
That'll be cool, Jess. I look forward to
seeing that.
Um but the results from so far
Look at this. We got 2,400 lines of
Python total.
And about 5.3k lines
uh, for the entire popper lip training
source.
And then we have
That's just this one. So, 1,600 lines
uh, this constellation.
Not bad.
Right? Not bad at all.
Pretty small library.
I think we can even like we can improve
a couple things here and there.
We got to clean up tests and like other
little bits of stuff, but I think we can
get it down to pretty much just this.
And um,
I guess we'll see with a few other
things.
So, for folks watching, uh, I will be
back in, I don't know, maybe 40
40 minutes to an hour.
Next bit of the stream. Uh, if you're
interested in my stuff generally though
and you'd like to support my work for
absolutely free,
be this popper star on GitHub and join
Discord to get involved.
And also follow me on X for more RL
content. I have to update this link
still. It's at J Suarez.
Thank you very much and I will see you
around.